# KPS
_JUST ANOTHER PLUA ADDON FOR WORLD OF WARCRAFT_

This addon in combination with enabled protected LUA will help you get the most
out of your WoW experience. This addon is based on JPS with a lot of refactoring
to clean up the codebase which has grown a lot in the last 4 years.

The main goal is to have a clean and fast codebase to allow further development.

*Huge thanks to jhtordeux for his contributions to KPS!*

*Thanks to jp-ganis, htordeux, nishikazuhiro, hax mcgee, pcmd
and many more for all their contributions to the original JPS!*

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Copyright (C) 2015 Mario Mancino


## Commands

 * `/kps` - Show enabled status.
 * `/kps enable/disable/toggle` - Enable/Disable the addon.
 * `/kps cooldowns/cds` - Toggle use of cooldowns.
 * `/kps pew` - Spammable macro to do your best moves, if for some reason you don't want it fully automated.
 * `/kps interrupt/int` - Toggle interrupting.
 * `/kps multitarget/multi/aoe` - Toggle manual MultiTarget mode.
 * `/kps defensive/def` - Toggle use of defensive cooldowns.
 * `/kps help` - Show this help text.




## Builds and Classes

All healing specs except for druid restoration are currently without a rotation. All DPS Specs have at least one rotation automatically generated
from SimCraft - those might not be fully functional, but aren't tested.

%(rotations)s

##  Development
If you want to help developing this AddOn, you are welcome, but there a few rules to make sure KPS is maintable.

### Prerequisites
If you don't have it yet please install Brew (http://brew.sh) and run `brew install coreutils` in a terminal to
make sure you have gtimeout (required for automated testing).
You also have to install the Command Line Utils to for `make` and of course you need to have LUA installed (also available via brew!).

If you don't have a Mac, you somehow have to provide these tools:

* gtimeout (gnu timeout)
* python (at least 2.6)
* make

### Pull Requests
1. [Fork it!](https://github.com/kirk24788/KPS/fork)

2. Create a branch for your changes

        $ git checkout -b my_new_feature

3. Make any changes and run a `make test` in your KPS directory - only create the pull request if *ALL* tests
are OK!

4. Run `make readme` to update the current issues in the `README.md`.

4. Commit and Push your changes

        $ git commit -am "My new feature"
        $ git push origin my_new_feature

5. Open a [Pull Request](http://github.com/kirk24788/KPS/pulls)

### Code Guidelines
* Use 4 spaces for indentation - *NO TABS!*
* All variables must be _lower_ camel case
* All classes must be _upper_ camel case

### Project Structure
* `core`: Core functionality, please think twice before adding anything here, this should only contain backend stuff which isn't used in rotations.
* `gui`: All GUI-related stuff should be consolidated here.
* `libs`: External Libraries.
* `media`: Custom image and sound files.
* `modules`: Wrapper modules for blizzard functions which are used in the rotations.
* `rotations`: Class spells and rotation files. Spell Files are generated by `printClassSpells.py` don't edit these manually, your changes will be overwritten.
* `simc`: SimCraft rotation files used for rotation conversions.
* `utils`: Utility scripts for generating various files for this addon

### Automatic Code Generation
Some files are created automatically by the `makefile`. Please restrain from editing these files, as your changes will not be permanent.
Instead edit the apropriate files in the `utils` directory.

* `kps.toc`: Generated from `_test.lua` - if you need to change the order or add files, please add an additional `require(...)` statement there.
* `README.me`: Generated from `utils/generateREADME.py` - if you want to change the documentation, see the template at `utils/templates/README.md`.
* `modules/spell/spells.lua`: Generated by `utils/printGlobalSpells.py`
* `rotations/<classname>.lua`: Generated by `utils/printClassSpells.py` - if you need additional spells or functions, please add them there.
* `rotations/<classname>_<specname>.lua`: Generated by `utils/convertSimC.py` if not explicitly commented out in the `makefile` - if you want to write a custom rotation comment out the line in the makefile to prevent your rotation from being overwritten.

### Rotation Modules
%(modules)s

### Open Issues
%(issues)s


